src/bdscript/addButton.md, before:

# $addButton
Adds button to the response.

## Syntax
```
$addButton[new row?;interaction ID/url;label;style;(disable?;emoji;message ID)]
```

## Parameters
- `new row?`: If set to `yes` the button will appear in a new row. If it's set to `no` the button will appear in the same row as a previous button.

    > A message can have a maximum of 25 buttons (5 rows of 5 buttons).

- `interaction ID/url`: Depending on the button type, you either set it to `interaction ID` which is then used in `$onInteraction[ID]` callback or `URL` if it's a link button.
- `label`: The text value visible on the button.
- `style`: It's used to specify the button's background color. If the button has a link/url you **have to** set the value to `link`. Check [this section](#button-style) for more details.
- `disable?`: If set to `yes` the button can't be pressed. Defaults as `no`. _(Optional)_
- `emoji`: Adds an emoji inside the button. Emojis have to be either pasted as *unicode* or be in the following format `<:emoji name:emoji ID>`. _(Optional)_
- `message ID`: Adds a button to the provided message ID. It's important to note that provided message ID author **has to** be the bot. _(Optional)_

> Interactive buttons can't have duplicated `ID`'s in the same message. So for example, you can't have two buttons with the ID set to `test`.

> If `url` is used in `interaction ID/url` argument, it **has to** start with `http://` or `https://`

## Button Style
Buttons can have different styles _(background colors)_.
Here, are all possible values for `style` function argument.
- `primary`: Blue button
- `secondary`: Gray button
- `success`: Green button
- `danger`: Red button
- `link`: Redirect button

> If `link` style is used, the button **won't send** any interactions!

## Example
```
$nomention
Hi
$addButton[no;test;Say hello!;primary;no;]
```
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/209844908-dd5b8166-e597-4823-87a3-25c51699bce5.png)

> For more info, see the [Button Guide](../guides/buttons.md).

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/addButton.md, after:

# $addButton
Adds button to the response.

## Syntax
```
$addButton[new row?;interaction ID/url;label;style;(disable?;emoji;message ID)]
```

## Parameters
- `new row?` `(Type : Bool || Flag : Required)` : If set to `yes` the button will appear in a new row. If it's set to `no` the button will appear in the same row as a previous button.

    > A message can have a maximum of 25 buttons (5 rows of 5 buttons).

- `Interaction ID/url` `(Type : String, URL || Flag : Required)` : Depending on the button type, you either set it to `interaction ID` which is then used in `$onInteraction[ID]` callback or `URL` if it's a link button.
- `label` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The text value visible on the button.
- `style` `(Type : Enum || Flag : Required)` : It's used to specify the button's background color. If the button has a link/url you **have to** set the value to `link`. Check [this section](#button-style) for more details.
- `disable?` `(Type : Bool || Flag : Vacantable)` : If set to `yes` the button can't be pressed. Defaults as `no`.
- `emoji` `(Type : Emoji || Flag : Vacantable)`: Adds an emoji inside the button. Emojis have to be either pasted as *unicode* or be in the following format `<:emoji name:emoji ID>`.
- `message ID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Vacantable)`: Adds a button to the provided message ID. It's important to note that provided message ID author **has to** be the bot.

> Interactive buttons can't have duplicated `ID`'s in the same message. So for example, you can't have two buttons with the ID set to `test`.

> If `url` is used in `interaction ID/url` argument, it **has to** start with `http://` or `https://`

## Button Style
Buttons can have different styles _(background colors)_.
Here, are all possible values for `style` function argument.
- `primary`: Blue button
- `secondary`: Gray button
- `success`: Green button
- `danger`: Red button
- `link`: Redirect button

> If `link` style is used, the button **won't send** any interactions!

## Example
```
$nomention
Hi
$addButton[no;test;Say hello!;primary;no;]
```
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/209844908-dd5b8166-e597-4823-87a3-25c51699bce5.png)

> For more info, see the [Button Guide](../guides/buttons.md).
