src/bdscript/addField.md, before:

# $addField
Adds a field to an embed.

## Syntax
```
$addField[name;value;(inline?;index)]
```
> You can create up to 25 fields per embed.

## Parameters
- `name`: The name of the field. It cannot exceed more than 256 characters.
- `value`: The value of the field. It cannot exceed more than 1024 characters.
- `inline?`: If `yes`, fields will appear in the same line. However, if you have more than 3 fields (or the fields are just too long) with inline enabled, the bot will return rows with 3 fields (2 if there is a thumbnail) in each row. It is set to `no` by default. (Optional)
- `index`: Adds field to specified embed index number. (Optional) [(learn more)](../resources/embedIndexes.md)

> Inline fields may not appear inline on some mobile devices.

## Examples

### Without inline fields
```
$nomention
$addField[This is the field name! #1;This is the field value! #1]
$addField[This is the field name! #2;This is the field value! #2]
$addField[This is the field name! #3;This is the field value! #3]
```
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/209849131-47574fa5-ba65-4552-b30e-c71f7af980a9.png)

### With inline fields
```
$nomention
$addField[This is the field name! #1;This is the field value! #1;yes]
$addField[This is the field name! #2;This is the field value! #2;yes]
$addField[This is the field name! #3;This is the field value! #3;yes]
```
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/209849351-0fb6875c-2bfa-4f14-9e01-84e6d31b0bee.png)

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/addField.md, after:

# $addField
Adds a field to an embed.

## Syntax
```
$addField[name;value;(inline?;index)]
```
> You can create up to 25 fields per embed.

## Parameters
- `name` `(Type : String || Flag : Required)` : The name of the field. It cannot exceed more than 256 characters.
- `value` `(Type : String || Flag : Required)` : The value of the field. It cannot exceed more than 1024 characters.
- `inline?` `(Type : Bool || Flag : Optional)` : If `yes`, fields will appear in the same line. However, if you have more than 3 fields (or the fields are just too long) with inline enabled, the bot will return rows with 3 fields (2 if there is a thumbnail) in each row. It is set to `no` by default.
- `index` `(Type : Integer || Flag : Optional)` : Adds field to specified embed index number.[(learn more)](../resources/embedIndexes.md)

> Inline fields may not appear inline on some mobile devices.

## Examples

### Without inline fields
```
$nomention
$addField[This is the field name! #1;This is the field value! #1]
$addField[This is the field name! #2;This is the field value! #2]
$addField[This is the field name! #3;This is the field value! #3]
```
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/209849131-47574fa5-ba65-4552-b30e-c71f7af980a9.png)

### With inline fields
```
$nomention
$addField[This is the field name! #1;This is the field value! #1;yes]
$addField[This is the field name! #2;This is the field value! #2;yes]
$addField[This is the field name! #3;This is the field value! #3;yes]
```
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/209849351-0fb6875c-2bfa-4f14-9e01-84e6d31b0bee.png)
