src/bdscript/addSelectMenuOption.md, before:

# $addSelectMenuOption
Adds select menu option to a select menu.

## Syntax
```
$addSelectMenuOption[menu option ID;label;value;description;(default?;emoji;message ID)]
```
## Parameters
- `menu option ID`: The ID used in `$newSelectMenu[]`.
- `label`: The name of the option.
- `value`: It's the data that gets passed to `$onInteraction[]` callback. **The value has to be unique in the select menu!**
- `description`: It shows up under the `label`.
- `default?`: Should the option be selected by default. (yes/no) **There can be only one default option!**
- `emoji`: It shows up next to the `label`.
- `message ID`: ID of a message that should have select menu added to it. By default it's the bot's response.

## Example
```
$nomention
$newSelectMenu[Example;1;1;Choose some option]
$addSelectMenuOption[Example;First;first-option;The first option]
$addSelectMenuOption[Example;Second;second-option;The second option]
$addSelectMenuOption[Example;Third;third-option;The third option]
```

![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/209933666-9ec8ecfc-e666-4caa-b7cb-b0b3c4cdea02.png)


![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/209933373-978c8ade-157f-4991-bb93-929430b4a4eb.png)



> For more info, see the [Select Menu Guide](../guides/selectmenu.md).

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/addSelectMenuOption.md, after:

# $addSelectMenuOption
Adds select menu option to a select menu.

## Syntax
```
$addSelectMenuOption[menu option ID;label;value;description;(default?;emoji;message ID)]
```
### Parameters
- `menu option ID` `(Type : String || Flag : Required)` : The ID used in `$newSelectMenu[]`.
- `label` `(Type : String || Flag : Required)` : The name of the option.
- `value` `(Type : String || Flag : Required)` : It's the data that gets passed to `$onInteraction[]` callback. **The value has to be unique in the select menu!**
- `description` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : It shows up under the `label`.
- `default?` `(Type : Bool || Flag : Vacantable)`: Should the option be selected by default. (yes/no) **There can be only one default option!**
- `emoji` `(Type : Emoji || Flag : Vacantable)`: It shows up next to the `label`.
- `message ID` `(Type : String || Flag : Vacantable)`: ID of a message that should have select menu added to it. By default it's the bot's response.

## Example
```
$nomention
$newSelectMenu[Example;1;1;Choose some option]
$addSelectMenuOption[Example;First;first-option;The first option]
$addSelectMenuOption[Example;Second;second-option;The second option]
$addSelectMenuOption[Example;Third;third-option;The third option]
```

![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/209933666-9ec8ecfc-e666-4caa-b7cb-b0b3c4cdea02.png)


![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/209933373-978c8ade-157f-4991-bb93-929430b4a4eb.png)



> For more info, see the [Select Menu Guide](../guides/selectmenu.md).
