src/bdscript/addTextInput.md, before:

# $addTextInput
Adds a new text input to a modal.

## Usage
```
$addTextInput[text input ID;style;label;(minimum length;maximum length;required?;value;placeholder)]
```
> You can't add more than 5 text input fields.

## Parameters
- `text input ID`: ID that is used to retrieve the text input in the field. This value must be unique.
- `style`: The text input field style, either `short` or `paragraph`.
- `label`: Name of the text input field. This value must be less than or equal to 45 characters.
- `minimum length`: Minimum number of characters a user needs to input. This value must be an integer between 0 and 4000, and can't be greater than the `maximum length`.
- `maximum length`: Maximum number of characters a user can input. This value must be an integer between 0 and 4000, and can't be less than the `minimum length`.  
- `required?`: Whether a user must fill in the text input field, defaults to true. (`yes`/`no`)
- `value`: The text that is written by default in the text input field. This value must be less than or equal to 4000 characters and must not be less than `minimum length` and no more than `maximum length`.
- `placeholder`: The text that is displayed if the text input field is empty. This value must be less than or equal to 100 characters.

### Styles
- `short` and `paragraph`.

![styles](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/209936324-5a9f1d2b-8eea-48d4-b3cb-749a6d68c2d2.png)


## Example
```
$nomention
$newModal[modal;User Bio]
$addTextInput[modalInput1;short;What is your name?;3;30;yes;;Mikołaj]
$addTextInput[modalInput2;short;What are your pronouns?;2;30;yes;;He/Him]
$addTextInput[modalInput3;paragraph;Can you tell us about yourself?;5;1000;no;;I am a Developer]
```
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/209936030-02352d16-a81f-486f-aa32-839c82f4fa6d.png)

> For more info, see the [Modals Guide](../guides/modals.md).

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/addTextInput.md, after:

# $addTextInput
Adds a new text input to a modal.

## Usage
```
$addTextInput[text input ID;style;label;(minimum length;maximum length;required?;value;placeholder)]
```
> You can't add more than 5 text input fields.

## Parameters
- `text input ID` `(Type : String || Flag : Required)` : ID that is used to retrieve the text input in the field. This value must be unique.
- `style` `(Type : Enum || Flag : Required)` : The text input field style, either `short` or `paragraph`.
- `label` `(Type : String || Flag : Required)` : Name of the text input field. This value must be less than or equal to 45 characters.
- `minimum length` `(Type : Integer || Flag : Vacantable)`: Minimum number of characters a user needs to input. This value must be an integer between 0 and 4000, and can't be greater than the `maximum length`.
- `maximum length` `(Type : Integer || Flag : Vacantable)`: Maximum number of characters a user can input. This value must be an integer between 0 and 4000, and can't be less than the `minimum length`.  
- `required?` `(Type : Bool || Flag : Optional)` : Whether a user must fill in the text input field, defaults to true. (`yes`/`no`)
- `value` `(Type : String || Flag : Vacantable)`: The text that is written by default in the text input field. This value must be less than or equal to 4000 characters and must not be less than `minimum length` and no more than `maximum length`.
- `placeholder` `(Type : String || Flag : Vacantable)`: The text that is displayed if the text input field is empty. This value must be less than or equal to 100 characters.

### Styles
- `short` and `paragraph`.

![styles](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/209936324-5a9f1d2b-8eea-48d4-b3cb-749a6d68c2d2.png)


## Example
```
$nomention
$newModal[modal;User Bio]
$addTextInput[modalInput1;short;What is your name?;3;30;yes;;Mikołaj]
$addTextInput[modalInput2;short;What are your pronouns?;2;30;yes;;He/Him]
$addTextInput[modalInput3;paragraph;Can you tell us about yourself?;5;1000;no;;I am a Developer]
```
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/209936030-02352d16-a81f-486f-aa32-839c82f4fa6d.png)

> For more info, see the [Modals Guide](../guides/modals.md).
