src/bdscript/argsCheck.md, before:

# $argsCheck
When this function is used, the command can only be executed if the user’s message contains a certain amount of arguments (words).

## Syntax
```
$argsCheck[how many?;error message]
```

## Parameters
- `how many?`: How many arguments there should be in the user’s message.
> If you want users to have 3 or more arguments in their message; you can use `>3`. If you want users to have less than 3 arguments in their message, you can use `<3`. If you want the users to have exactly 3 arguments in their message put `3`. 
- `error message`: The message that the bot will send if the user has too many/little arguments.

## Example
```
$nomention
$argsCheck[>1;❌ Please provide something for me to say!]
$noMentionMessage
```

### With arguments
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/209973658-2e392e0e-deef-483b-98a9-5597c9bce740.png)

### Without arguments
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/209973418-97663aac-9075-48f6-b241-3feb11a730f0.png)

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/argsCheck.md, after:

# $argsCheck
When this function is used, the command can only be executed if the user’s message contains a certain amount of arguments (words).

## Syntax
```
$argsCheck[how many?;error message]
```

## Parameters
- `how many?` `(Type : HowMany || Flag : Required)` : How many arguments there should be in the user’s message.
> If you want users to have 3 or more arguments in their message; you can use `>3`. If you want users to have less than 3 arguments in their message, you can use `<3`. If you want the users to have exactly 3 arguments in their message put `3`. 
- `error message` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The message that the bot will send if the user has too many/little arguments.

## Example
```
$nomention
$argsCheck[>1;❌ Please provide something for me to say!]
$noMentionMessage
```

### With arguments
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/209973658-2e392e0e-deef-483b-98a9-5597c9bce740.png)

### Without arguments
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113303649/209973418-97663aac-9075-48f6-b241-3feb11a730f0.png)
