src/bdscript/banID.md, before:

# $banID
Bans a user using their ID.

## Usages
There are three usages of the `$banID` function.

### Usage #1
```
$banID
```
Gets the user to ban from the author's message. No reason will be provided in audit logs for the ban.

### Usage #2
```
$banID[reason]
```
Gets the user to ban from the author's message. The 'reason' will show in audit logs.

### Usage #3
*(recommended)*

```
$banID[reason;userID]
```
Gets the user to ban from the 'userID' field. The 'reason' will show up in audit logs. You can also leave the 'reason' field empty to provide no reason.

## Example
```
$nomention
$argsCheck[>1;Please provide a 'user'. Usage: `!ban (user) <reason>`]
$onlyIf[$findUser[$message[1];no]!=;Failed to find user!]
$onlyPerms[ban;You need the 'ban' permission to use that command!]
$banID[$replaceText[$message;$message[1];;1];$findUser[$message[1];no]]
<@$findUser[$message[1];no]> was banned!
```
> 🧙‍♂️ The code above accepts both IDs or mentions to ban a user!

![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/119884309-7ba03680-befe-11eb-80c7-93991297abf7.png)

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/banID.md, after:

# $banID
Bans a user using their ID.

## Usages
There are three usages of the `$banID` function.

### Usage #1
```
$banID
```
Gets the user to ban from the author's message. No reason will be provided in audit logs for the ban.

### Usage #2
```
$banID[reason]
```
Gets the user to ban from the author's message. The 'reason' will show in audit logs.

### Usage #3
*(recommended)*

```
$banID[reason;userID]
```

## Parameters 
- `reason` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The 'reason' will show up in audit logs. You can also leave the 'reason' field empty to provide no reason.
- `userID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Vacantable)` : user whose ID was provided will be banned.



## Example
```
$nomention
$argsCheck[>1;Please provide a 'user'. Usage: `!ban (user) <reason>`]
$onlyIf[$findUser[$message[1];no]!=;Failed to find user!]
$onlyPerms[ban;You need the 'ban' permission to use that command!]
$banID[$replaceText[$message;$message[1];;1];$findUser[$message[1];no]]
<@$findUser[$message[1];no]> was banned!
```
> 🧙‍♂️ The code above accepts both IDs or mentions to ban a user!

![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/119884309-7ba03680-befe-11eb-80c7-93991297abf7.png)
