src/bdscript/createRole.md, before:

# $createRole
Creates a new role.

## Usage
```
$createRole[roleName;colorHex;hoist (yes/no);mentionable (yes/no)]
```

### Breakdown
- `roleName` - The name to give the new role.
- `colorHex` - The [color hex](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/color-picker) of the new role.
- `hoist` - Whether the role should be displayed separately (hoisted) or not. `no` means the role won't be hoisted, `yes` means it will.

![Example1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/122795705-965e9480-d28b-11eb-8e4e-98338f143ecb.png)

- `mentionable` - Whether the role should be mentionable by everyone. `no` means the role won't be mentionable, `yes` means it will.

![Example2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/122795765-a37b8380-d28b-11eb-8f06-c23e01bafc11.png)

## Example
```
$nomention
$createRole[Cool Role;#FFFF00;yes;no]
Created new role!
```

![example1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/125972939-7d2950a4-1831-4696-8a23-d07d45fa9456.png)

![example1.5](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/125973030-7c9b980c-cffb-4f8e-aacc-a644a6fa23c3.png)

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/createRole.md, after:

# $createRole
Creates a new role.

## Usage
```
$createRole[roleName;colorHex;hoist (yes/no);mentionable (yes/no)]
```

### Parameters
- `roleName` `(Type : String || Flag : Required)` : The name to give the new role.
- `colorHex` `(Type : Color || Flag : Required)` : The [color hex](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/color-picker) of the new role.
- `hoist` `(Type : Bool || Flag : Vacantable)` : Whether the role should be displayed separately (hoisted) or not. `no` means the role won't be hoisted, `yes` means it will.

![Example1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/122795705-965e9480-d28b-11eb-8e4e-98338f143ecb.png)

- `mentionable` `(Type : Bool || Flag : Vacantable)` : Whether the role should be mentionable by everyone. `no` means the role won't be mentionable, `yes` means it will.

![Example2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/122795765-a37b8380-d28b-11eb-8f06-c23e01bafc11.png)

## Example
```
$nomention
$createRole[Cool Role;#FFFF00;yes;no]
Created new role!
```

![example1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/125972939-7d2950a4-1831-4696-8a23-d07d45fa9456.png)

![example1.5](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/125973030-7c9b980c-cffb-4f8e-aacc-a644a6fa23c3.png)
