src/bdscript/editEmbedIn.md, before:

# $editEmbedIn
Edits the bot's message after the given time, as an embed.

## Usage
```
$editEmbedIn[time;(title;description;footer;color)]
```
> 📝 Optional fields can be left empty. At least one embed field (`title`, `description`, or `footer`) needs to be inputted.

### Breakdown
- `time` - The time to wait before editing the message (e.g `3s`, `30s`, `10m`). Max time is 40 minutes (for premium users, it's 120 minutes). Required.

- `title` - The new embed title. Optional.
- `description` - The new embed description. Optional.
- `footer` - The new embed footer. Optional.
- `color` - The embed border color, must be a valid [color hex](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/color-picker) or color integer number. Use `0` for default color. Optional.

## Example
```
$nomention
$title[Cool Title]
$description[This is a cool embed to edit!]
$color[#6A96FC]
$editEmbedIn[5s;Epic Title;This is the edited description!;;#E46AFC]
```

### Output
**Before**

![example1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/123012695-bdeb5500-d390-11eb-82a0-5e4fdb4b337e.png)

**After**

![example2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/123012680-b7f57400-d390-11eb-866c-6f0aa0fdf9f7.png)

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/editEmbedIn.md, after:

# $editEmbedIn
Edits the bot's message after the given time, as an embed.

## Usage
```
$editEmbedIn[time;(title;description;footer;color)]
```
> 📝 Optional fields can be left empty. At least one embed field (`title`, `description`, or `footer`) needs to be inputted.

### Parameters
- `time` `(Type : Duration || Flag : Required)` : The time to wait before editing the message (e.g `3s`, `30s`, `10m`). Max time is 40 minutes (for premium users, it's 120 minutes). Required.

- `title` `(Type : String || Flag : Vacantable)` : The new embed title. Optional.
- `description` `(Type : String || Flag : Vacantable)` : The new embed description. Optional.
- `footer` `(Type : String || Flag : Vacantable)` : The new embed footer. Optional.
- `color` `(Type : Color || Flag : Vacantable)` : The embed border color, must be a valid [color hex](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/color-picker) or color integer number. Use `0` for default color. Optional.

## Example
```
$nomention
$title[Cool Title]
$description[This is a cool embed to edit!]
$color[#6A96FC]
$editEmbedIn[5s;Epic Title;This is the edited description!;;#E46AFC]
```

### Output
**Before**

![example1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/123012695-bdeb5500-d390-11eb-82a0-5e4fdb4b337e.png)

**After**

![example2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/123012680-b7f57400-d390-11eb-866c-6f0aa0fdf9f7.png)
