src/bdscript/editMessage.md, before:

# $editMessage
Edits one of the bot's messages.

## Usage
```
$editMessage[channelID;messageID;newMessage;(optional) title;(optional) description;(optional) color;(optional) footer]
```
> 🧙‍♂️ [How Do I Get The Channel / Message ID? (click-me)](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/206346498-Where-can-I-find-my-User-Server-Message-ID)

### Breakdown
- `channelID` - The channel that this message belongs to.
- `messageID` - The ID of the message to edit (must be a message that the bot sent).
- `newMessage` - The new message contents.
- `title` - The new embed title. Optional.
- `description` - The new embed description. Optional.
- `color` - The new embed color border hex. Optional.
- `footer` - The new embed footer text. Optional.

## Example
```
$nomention
$editMessage[853070225398693898;857040509549281292;This message has been edited!]
```

### Output
**Before**

![example1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/125876425-57ea4bf7-a357-48be-a6f6-ffb84df4be23.png)

**After**

![example2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/125876457-cf834ed3-f57c-41f3-b862-20433ec21b83.png)

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/editMessage.md, after:

# $editMessage
Edits one of the bot's messages.

## Usage
```
$editMessage[channelID;messageID;Content;(title;description;color;footer)]
```
> 🧙‍♂️ [How Do I Get The Channel / Message ID? (click-me)](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/206346498-Where-can-I-find-my-User-Server-Message-ID)

### Parameters
- `channelID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Required)` : The channel that this message belongs to.
- `messageID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Required)` : The ID of the message to edit (must be a message that the bot sent).
- `Content` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The new message contents.
- `title` `(Type : String || Flag : Vacantable)` : The new embed title.
- `description` `(Type : String || Flag : Vacantable)` : The new embed description.
- `color` `(Type : Color || Flag : Vacantable)` : The new embed color border hex.
- `footer` `(Type : String || Flag : Vacantable)`:  The new embed footer text.

## Example
```
$nomention
$editMessage[853070225398693898;857040509549281292;This message has been edited!]
```

### Output
**Before**

![example1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/125876425-57ea4bf7-a357-48be-a6f6-ffb84df4be23.png)

**After**

![example2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/125876457-cf834ed3-f57c-41f3-b862-20433ec21b83.png)
