src/bdscript/enabled.md, before:

# $enabled
Allows you to enable/disable commands.

## Usage
```
$enabled[enabled (yes/no);errorMessage]
```

### Breakdown
- `enabled` - 'yes' means the command is enabled, 'no' means it's disabled.
- `errorMessage` - The message that is returned if the command is disabled.

## Example
This section will explain how to disable/enable certain commands using server variables. 

1. Create a variable named `enabled` and set the value to `yes` or `no` (whatever you want the default option to be. `no` - disabled, `yes` - enabled.)

    ![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/123017732-31925f80-d39b-11eb-8e23-ca01b0dc5ed4.png)

2. Create a command for the enable code. Put this in the reply text/code section:
      ```
     $onlyAdmin[❌ Only admins can enable commands!]
     $setServerVar[enabled;yes]
     I successfully enabled the __ command!
     ```

3. Create a command for the disable code. Put this in the reply text/code section:
     ```
     $onlyAdmin[❌ Only admins can disable commands!]
     $setServerVar[enabled;no]
     I successfully disabled __ command!
     ```

4. In the command(s) you want the enable/disable to affect, put:
    ```
    $enabled[$getServerVar[enabled];❌ This command is disabled!]
    ```

5. Now your bot has a system where servers can disable/enable command(s).

> 📝 In order to make this changeable for multiple commands, you'll need to do it multiple times (using different variable names). As this only affects the commands you put the "affect" code in.

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/enabled.md, after:

# $enabled
Allows you to enable/disable commands.

## Usage
```
$enabled[enabled;errorMessage]
```

### Parameters
- `enabled` `(Type : Bool || Flag : Required)` : 'yes' means the command is enabled, 'no' means it's disabled.
- `errorMessage` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The message that is returned if the command is disabled.

## Example
This section will explain how to disable/enable certain commands using server variables. 

1. Create a variable named `enabled` and set the value to `yes` or `no` (whatever you want the default option to be. `no` - disabled, `yes` - enabled.)

    ![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/123017732-31925f80-d39b-11eb-8e23-ca01b0dc5ed4.png)

2. Create a command for the enable code. Put this in the reply text/code section:
      ```
     $onlyAdmin[❌ Only admins can enable commands!]
     $setServerVar[enabled;yes]
     I successfully enabled the command!
     ```

3. Create a command for the disable code. Put this in the reply text/code section:
     ```
     $onlyAdmin[❌ Only admins can disable commands!]
     $setServerVar[enabled;no]
     I successfully disabled the command!
     ```

4. In the command(s) you want the enable/disable to affect, put:
    ```
    $enabled[$getServerVar[enabled];❌ This command is disabled!]
    ```

5. Now your bot has a system where servers can disable/enable command(s).

> 📝 In order to make this changeable for multiple commands, you'll need to do it multiple times (using different variable names). As this only affects the commands you put the "affect" code in.
