src/bdscript/getInviteInfo.md, before:

# $getInviteInfo
Returns information about a invite code.

## Usage
```
$getInviteInfo[inviteCode;inviteProperty]
```

### Breakdown
- `inviteCode` - The invite code to get info about.

- `inviteProperty` - The information to get about this invite. Invite properties:
  - `channel` - The channel that this invite is for.
  - `creationDate` - The creation date of this invite.
  - `inviter` - The ID of the user who created this invite.
  - `isTemporary` - Whether or not this invite is temporary.
  - `uses` - How many times this invite has been used.

## Example
```
$nomention
$argsCheck[>1;Please provide a valid invite code!]
$title[Invite Info]
$description[Uses: $getInviteInfo[$message;uses]
Channel: $getInviteInfo[$message;channel]
Date: $getInviteInfo[$message;creationDate]
Inviter: $getInviteInfo[$message;inviter]
Temporary: $getInviteInfo[$message;isTemporary]]
$color[#673ab7]
```

![Example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/122654170-88880280-d117-11eb-9123-947b48354ab6.png)

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/getInviteInfo.md, after:

# $getInviteInfo
Returns information about a invite code.

## Usage
```
$getInviteInfo[inviteCode;inviteProperty]
```

### Parameters
- `inviteCode` `(Type : String || Flag : Required)` : The invite code to get info about.

- `inviteProperty` `(Type : Enum || Flag : Required)` : The information to get about this invite. Invite properties:
  - `channel` - The channel that this invite is for.
  - `creationDate` - The creation date of this invite.
  - `inviter` - The ID of the user who created this invite.
  - `isTemporary` - Whether or not this invite is temporary.
  - `uses` - How many times this invite has been used.

## Example
```
$nomention
$argsCheck[>1;Please provide a valid invite code!]
$title[Invite Info]
$description[Uses: $getInviteInfo[$message;uses]
Channel: $getInviteInfo[$message;channel]
Date: $getInviteInfo[$message;creationDate]
Inviter: $getInviteInfo[$message;inviter]
Temporary: $getInviteInfo[$message;isTemporary]]
$color[#673ab7]
```

![Example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/122654170-88880280-d117-11eb-9123-947b48354ab6.png)
