src/bdscript/getMessage.md, before:

# $getMessage
Gets data from a message, with the provided message and channel IDs.

## Usage
```
$getMessage[channelID;messageID;(optional) property]
```

### Breakdown
- `channelID` - The channel that this message belongs to.
- `messageID` - The message to get the data from.
- `property` - The message data to get. Default is `content`. Message properties:
  - `content` - The content of this message.
  - `authorID` - The ID of the message author.
  - `username` - The username of the message author.
  - `avatar` - The avatar of the message author.

## Example
```
$nomention
$argsCheck[>2;Please provide a channel and message ID! Usage: `!quote (channel) (messageID)`]
$description[$getMessage[$findChannel[$message[1]];$message[2]]]
$color[#673ab7]
$authorIcon[$getMessage[$findChannel[$message[1]];$message[2];avatar]]
$author[$getMessage[$findChannel[$message[1]];$message[2];username]#$discriminator[$getMessage[$findChannel[$message[1]];$message[2];authorID]]]
```

![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/122654424-3e078580-d119-11eb-9524-e68f08f787d7.png)

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/getMessage.md, after:

# $getMessage
Gets data from a message, with the provided message and channel IDs.

## Usage
```
$getMessage[channelID;messageID;(property)]
```

### Parameters
- `channelID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Required)` : The channel that this message belongs to.
- `messageID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Required)` : The message to get the data from.
- `property` `(Type : Enum || Flag : Optional)` : The message data to get. Default is `content`. Message properties:
  - `content` - The content of this message.
  - `authorID` - The ID of the message author.
  - `username` - The username of the message author.
  - `avatar` - The avatar of the message author.

## Example
```
$nomention
$argsCheck[>2;Please provide a channel and message ID! Usage: `!quote (channel) (messageID)`]
$description[$getMessage[$findChannel[$message[1]];$message[2]]]
$color[#673ab7]
$authorIcon[$getMessage[$findChannel[$message[1]];$message[2];avatar]]
$author[$getMessage[$findChannel[$message[1]];$message[2];username]#$discriminator[$getMessage[$findChannel[$message[1]];$message[2];authorID]]]
```

![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/122654424-3e078580-d119-11eb-9524-e68f08f787d7.png)
