src/bdscript/modifyChannel.md, before:

# $modifyChannel
Edits a channel with the data provided.
> 🧙‍♂️ You can use `!unchanged` as a argument for the option to remain in its current state.

## Usages
There are two usages of the `$modifyChannel` function.

### Usage #1
```
$modifyChannel[channelID;channelName;topic;NSFW (yes/no);position]
```

#### Breakdown
- `channelID` - The channel the bot will edit.
- `channelName` - The new channel name.
- `topic` - The new channel topic/description.
- `NSFW` - Whether the channel will be marked as NSFW or not.
- `position` - The new channel position *(1 = top)*.

### Usage #2
```
$modifyChannel[channelID;channelName;topic;NSFW (yes/no);position;categoryID]
```

#### Breakdown
Same usage as the first. The only new option is `categoryID`. This will choose what category the channel is put in.
> 🧙‍♂️ You can use `$channelID[category/channelName]` to get the ID of a category or channel.


## Example
*For this example, we will be changing the channel name from 'general' to 'chill-chat'. As well as changing the channel topic to 'A chill chat!'.*
```
$nomention
$modifyChannel[$channelID[general];chill-chat;A chill chat!;!unchanged;!unchanged]
```

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/modifyChannel.md, after:

# $modifyChannel
Edits a channel with the data provided.
> 🧙‍♂️ You can use `!unchanged` as a argument for the option to remain in its current state.

## Usages
There are two usages of the `$modifyChannel` function.

### Usage #1
```
$modifyChannel[channelID;channelName;topic;NSFW (yes/no);position]
```

#### Parameters 
- `channelID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Required)` : The channel the bot will edit.
- `channelName` `(Type : String || Flag : Vacantable)` : The new channel name.
- `topic` `(Type : String || Flag : Vacantable)` : The new channel topic/description.
- `NSFW` `(Type : Bool || Flag : Vacantable)` : Whether the channel will be marked as NSFW or not.
- `position` `(Type : Integer || Flag : Vacantable)` : The new channel position *(1 = top)*.

### Usage #2
```
$modifyChannel[channelID;channelName;topic;NSFW (yes/no);position;categoryID]
```

#### Parameters 
- `categoryID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Vacantable)`
Same usage as the first. The only new option is `categoryID`. This will choose what category the channel is put in.
> 🧙‍♂️ You can use `$channelID[category/channelName]` to get the ID of a category or channel.


## Example
*For this example, we will be changing the channel name from 'general' to 'chill-chat'. As well as changing the channel topic to 'A chill chat!'.*
```
$nomention
$modifyChannel[$channelID[general];chill-chat;A chill chat!;!unchanged;!unchanged]
```
