src/bdscript/modifyRole.md, before:

# $modifyRole
Modifies a role.

## Usage
```
$modifyRole[roleID;(roleName;colorHex;hoisted;mentionable)]
```
> 🧙‍♂️ You can use `!unchanged` as a argument to leave the setting as-is.

### Parameters 
- `roleID` `(Type: Snowflake || Flag: Required)`: The ID of the role to modify.
- `roleName` `(Type: String || Flag: Optional)`: New role name.
- `colorHex` `(Type: Color || Flag: Optional)`: New role color.
- `hoisted` `(Type: Bool || Flag: Optional)`: Whether the role should be displayed separately or not.
- `mentionable` `(Type: Bool || Flag: Optional)`: Whether the role should be mentionable by everyone or not.

## Example
```
$nomention
$argsCheck[>2;❌ Please provide the needed arguments! Usage: `!role-name (role) (newRoleName)`]
$onlyPerms[manageroles;❌ You are missing the manage_roles permission!]
$modifyRole[$findRole[$message[1]];$replaceText[$message;$message[1];;1];!unchanged;!unchanged;!unchanged]
$description[✅ Changed role name of <@&$findRole[$message[1]]>]
```

![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/123530371-771a9980-d6c7-11eb-987d-c4ba3bb40bd1.png)

Commit message:

Wiki Update 4 (#321)
* Update permissions.md

* Create addMessageReactions.md

* Create removeEmoji.md

* Update joinSplitText.md

* Update kick.md

* Update kickMention.md

* Update lowestRoleWithPerms.md

* Update max.md

* Update membersCount.md

* Update membersCountComplex.md

* Update mentioned.md

* Update mentionedChannels.md

* Update mentionedRoles.md

* Update messageID.md

* Update min.md

* Update minute.md

* Update modifyChannelPerms.md

* Update modifyRole.md

* Update modifyRolePerms.md

* Update modulo.md

* Update month.md

* Update multi.md

* Update mute.md

* Update SUMMARY.md

* Update removeEmoji.md

src/bdscript/modifyRole.md, after:

# $modifyRole
Modifies an existing role.

## Syntax
```
$modifyRole[Role ID;(Role name;Color hex;Hoisted?;Mentionable?)]
```

> 🧙‍♂️ You can use `!unchanged` as an argument to leave the setting as-is.

### Parameters 
- `Role ID` `(Type: Snowflake || Flag: Required)`: The ID of the role to modify.
- `Role name` `(Type: String || Flag: Optional)`: The new role name.
- `Color hex` `(Type: Color || Flag: Optional)`: The new role color.
- `Hoisted?` `(Type: Bool || Flag: Optional)`: Whether the role should be displayed separately or not.
- `Mentionable?` `(Type: Bool || Flag: Optional)`: Whether the role should be mentionable by everyone or not.

### Permissions
Required permissions that the bot must have for this function to work properly:
- `manageroles`

## Example
```
$nomention
$argsCheck[>2;❌ Please provide the needed arguments! Usage: `!role-name (role) (newRoleName)`]
$onlyPerms[manageroles;❌ You are missing the manage_roles permission!]
$modifyRole[$findRole[$message[1]];$replaceText[$message;$message[1];;1];!unchanged;!unchanged;!unchanged]
$description[✅ Changed role name of <@&$findRole[$message[1]]>]
```

![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/123530371-771a9980-d6c7-11eb-987d-c4ba3bb40bd1.png)
