src/bdscript/modifyChannelPerms.md, before:

# $modifyChannelPerms
*(deprecated)*

> 🧙‍♂️ This command is deprecated instead better use [$editChannelPerms](./editChannelPerms.md).

Modifies a channel's permissions.

## Usage
```
$modifyChannelPerms[channelID;permissions;userID/roleID]
```

### Breakdown
- `channelID` - The channel to change the permissions for.
- `permissions` - The [permissions](../resources/permissions.md) to add/remove. `+` means allow, `-` means deny, `/` means neutral permission.
- `userID/roleID` - The role or user to modify the permissions for. Use `$guildID` for *@everyone*.

## Example
Lock:
```
$nomention
$onlyPerms[managechannels;❌ You need the manage_channels permission to use that!]
✅ Successfully locked <#$mentionedChannels[1;yes]>!
$modifyChannelPerms[$mentionedChannels[1;yes];-sendmessages;$guildID]
```

![example1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/123529809-19d01980-d6c2-11eb-9cc6-c9c9d559c5cb.png)

Unlock:
```
$nomention
$onlyPerms[managechannels;❌ You need the manage_channels permission to use that!]
✅ Successfully unlocked <#$mentionedChannels[1;yes]>!
$modifyChannelPerms[$mentionedChannels[1;yes];+sendmessages;$guildID]
```

![example2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/123529818-33716100-d6c2-11eb-99d9-c9f04399287a.png)

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/modifyChannelPerms.md, after:

# $modifyChannelPerms
*(deprecated)*

> 🧙‍♂️ This command is deprecated instead better use [$editChannelPerms](./editChannelPerms.md).

Modifies a channel's permissions.

## Usage
```
$modifyChannelPerms[channelID;permissions;userID/roleID]
```

### Parameters 
- `channelID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Required)` : The channel to change the permissions for.
- `permissions` `(Type : Permission || Flag : Required)` : The [permissions](../resources/permissions.md) to add/remove. `+` means allow, `-` means deny, `/` means neutral permission.
- `userID/roleID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Required)` : The role or user to modify the permissions for. Use `$guildID` for *@everyone*.

## Example
Lock:
```
$nomention
$onlyPerms[managechannels;❌ You need the manage_channels permission to use that!]
✅ Successfully locked <#$mentionedChannels[1;yes]>!
$modifyChannelPerms[$mentionedChannels[1;yes];-sendmessages;$guildID]
```

![example1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/123529809-19d01980-d6c2-11eb-9cc6-c9c9d559c5cb.png)

Unlock:
```
$nomention
$onlyPerms[managechannels;❌ You need the manage_channels permission to use that!]
✅ Successfully unlocked <#$mentionedChannels[1;yes]>!
$modifyChannelPerms[$mentionedChannels[1;yes];+sendmessages;$guildID]
```

![example2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/123529818-33716100-d6c2-11eb-99d9-c9f04399287a.png)
