src/bdscript/newTicket.md, before:

# $newTicket
Creates a new ticket.

## Usage
```
$newTicket[categoryID/name;messageWhenNoSubject;MessageInTicket;MessageToUser;errorMessage;(ticket number;(yes/no) return id of the ticket message)]
```

### Breakdown
- `categoryID/name` - The category to put the ticket channels in. Can be a category ID or name.
> 🧙‍♂️ Setup the ticket category permissions:
> ![tickets](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/123529975-b515be80-d6c3-11eb-8f2a-28c629533e52.png)
- `messageWhenNoSubject` - The message that appears in `{subject}` when the user doesn't provide a subject.
- `messageInTicket` - The message that is sent in the new ticket channel.
- `messageToUser` - The message that gets sent in the current channel.
- `errorMessage` - The message that gets returned when the ticket can't be created.
- `ticket number` - For custom ticket number.
- `return id of the ticket message` - (yes/no) Whether you want the ticket message to return it's id.

### Subset Functions
You can use these subset functions in `$newTicket`.

- `{subject}` - Returns the ticket subject (user's message).
- `{channel}` - Mentions the new ticket channel.

## Example
```
$nomention
$newTicket[Tickets;No subject was provided.;Thanks for making a ticket. Please explain your issue in detail so we can help.
Subject: {subject}
User: <@$authorID>;Created ticket! {channel};Failed to make ticket!]
```

![example1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/123530091-b8f61080-d6c4-11eb-93c1-1786dc2dba99.png)

![example1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/123530097-cd3a0d80-d6c4-11eb-9f9f-efae06e660f2.png)

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/newTicket.md, after:

# $newTicket
Creates a new ticket.

## Usage
```
$newTicket[categoryID/name;No question message;In ticket message;Message to user;Error message;(Ticket number;(yes/no) return id of the ticket message)]
```

### Parameters 
- `categoryID/name` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The category to put the ticket channels in. Can be a category ID or name.
> 🧙‍♂️ Setup the ticket category permissions:
> ![tickets](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/123529975-b515be80-d6c3-11eb-8f2a-28c629533e52.png)
- `No question message` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The message that appears in `{subject}` when the user doesn't provide a subject.
- `In ticket message` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The message that is sent in the new ticket channel.
- `message to user` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The message that gets sent in the current channel.
- `Error message` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The message that gets returned when the ticket can't be created.
- `Ticket number` `(Type : Integer || Flag : Optional)` : For custom ticket number.
- `return id of the ticket message` `(Type : Bool || Flag : Optional)` : (yes/no) Whether you want the ticket message to return it's id.

### Subset Functions
You can use these subset functions in `$newTicket`.

- `{subject}` - Returns the ticket subject (user's message).
- `{channel}` - Mentions the new ticket channel.

## Example
```
$nomention
$newTicket[Tickets;No subject was provided.;Thanks for making a ticket. Please explain your issue in detail so we can help.
Subject: {subject}
User: <@$authorID>;Created ticket! {channel};Failed to make ticket!]
```

![example1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/123530091-b8f61080-d6c4-11eb-93c1-1786dc2dba99.png)

![example1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/123530097-cd3a0d80-d6c4-11eb-9f9f-efae06e660f2.png)
