src/bdscript/replaceText.md, before:

# $replaceText
Replaces 'sample' with 'new' from 'text', you can choose how many 'sample' is replaced by inputting 'howMany'.

## Usage
```
$replaceText[text;sample;new;(optional) howMany]
```

### Breakdown
- `text` - The text where the bot is searching for the 'sample'.
- `sample` - The text to replace with 'new'.
- `new` - The text to replace 'sample' with.
- `how many` - How many times the bot should replace the sample *(if there is multiple arguments in 'text' that match 'sample')*.  Use `-1` to replace all 'sample' in 'text' with 'new' (this last argument is optional).

## Examples

**Example #1:**
- Input: `$replaceText[Hello World! Hello Earth!;Hello;Hi;1]`
- Output: `Hi World! Hello Earth!`

**Example #2:**
- Input: `$replaceText[Hello World! Hello Earth! Hello Dog!;Hello;Hi;-1]`
- Output: `Hi World! Hi Earth! Hello Dog!`

**Example #3:**
- Input: `$replaceText[Hello World! Hello Earth! Hello Dog!;Hello;Hi;-1]` or `$replaceText[Hello World! Hello Earth! Hello Dog!;Hello;Hi]`
- Output: `Hi World! Hi Earth! Hi Dog!`

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/replaceText.md, after:

# $replaceText
Replaces 'sample' with 'new' from 'text', you can choose how many 'sample' is replaced by inputting 'howMany'.

## Usage
```
$replaceText[text;sample;new;(howMany)]
```

### Parameters
- `text` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The text where the bot is searching for the 'sample'.
- `sample` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The text to replace with 'new'.
- `new` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The text to replace 'sample' with.
- `how many` `(Type : Integer || Flag : Optional)` : How many times the bot should replace the sample *(if there is multiple arguments in 'text' that match 'sample')*.  Use `-1` to replace all 'sample' in 'text' with 'new'.

## Examples

**Example #1:**
- Input: `$replaceText[Hello World! Hello Earth!;Hello;Hi;1]`
- Output: `Hi World! Hello Earth!`

**Example #2:**
- Input: `$replaceText[Hello World! Hello Earth! Hello Dog!;Hello;Hi;-1]`
- Output: `Hi World! Hi Earth! Hello Dog!`

**Example #3:**
- Input: `$replaceText[Hello World! Hello Earth! Hello Dog!;Hello;Hi;-1]` or `$replaceText[Hello World! Hello Earth! Hello Dog!;Hello;Hi]`
- Output: `Hi World! Hi Earth! Hi Dog!`
