src/bdscript/repliedMessageID.md, before:

# $repliedMessageID
Returns the ID of the replied message.

> 📌 If the message is not a reply, no response will be returned.

## Usages
There are two usages of this function :

### Usage #1
#### Syntax
```
$repliedMessageID
```
Returns the ID of the replied message from the author's message.

#### Example
```
$nomention
The message ID you replied to is: $repliedMessageID
```
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/94063167/198900570-ad5b8a25-56ad-4e66-9c3e-6495406d7fda.png)

### Usage #2
#### Syntax
```
$repliedMessageID[Channel ID;Message ID]
```
Returns the ID of the replied message form the given message.

#### Parameters
- `Channel ID` : The channel where the message is located.
- `Message ID` : The message from which the ID of the replied message will be taken from.

#### Example
```
$nomention
The message ID you replied to is: $repliedMessageID[$channelID;$messageID]
```
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/94063167/198900570-ad5b8a25-56ad-4e66-9c3e-6495406d7fda.png)

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/repliedMessageID.md, after:

# $repliedMessageID
Returns the ID of the replied message.

> 📌 If the message is not a reply, no response will be returned.

## Usages
There are two usages of this function :

### Usage #1
#### Syntax
```
$repliedMessageID
```
Returns the ID of the replied message from the author's message.

#### Example
```
$nomention
The message ID you replied to is: $repliedMessageID
```
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/94063167/198900570-ad5b8a25-56ad-4e66-9c3e-6495406d7fda.png)

### Usage #2
#### Syntax
```
$repliedMessageID[Channel ID;Message ID]
```
Returns the ID of the replied message form the given message.

#### Parameters
- `Channel ID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Required)` : The channel where the message is located.
- `Message ID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Required)` : The message from which the ID of the replied message will be taken from.

#### Example
```
$nomention
The message ID you replied to is: $repliedMessageID[$channelID;$messageID]
```
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/94063167/198900570-ad5b8a25-56ad-4e66-9c3e-6495406d7fda.png)
