src/bdscript/sendEmbedMessage.md, before:

# $sendEmbedMessage

Sends embed message to provided channel. Not needed fields can be left empty.

## Usage
```
$sendEmbedMessage[channel ID;content;title;title URL;description;color;author;author icon;footer;footer icon;thumbnail;image;add timestamp;return ID]
```

### Breakdown
- `channel ID` - id of the channel where the message will be sent.
- `content` - text to be sent before embed.
- `title` - text that will be used as the title in the embed.
- `title URL` - url that will be applied to the title.
- `description` - description that will be applied to the embed.
- `color` - the [color hex](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/color-picker/) to set the embed border color as.
- `author icon` - the image that appears in the author icon. This must be a valid image URL.
- `footer` - The text to set the footer as.
- `footer icon` - the URL to set the footer icon as. Must be a valid image URL.
- `thumbnail` - the image to set as the thumbnail.
- `image` - the URL of the image that appears. Must be a valid image URL.
- `add timestamp` - add the time to send (use yes or no).
- `return ID` - output the message ID outside the embed (use yes or no).

## Example
```
$nomention
$sendEmbedMessage[$channelID;;Title;https://discord.gg/;description;000000;author;$authorAvatar;footer;$authorAvatar;$authorAvatar;$authorAvatar;no;no]
```
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42785890/151873621-10b17532-93ee-421c-8eea-515f40f1a124.png)

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/sendEmbedMessage.md, after:

# $sendEmbedMessage

Sends embed message to provided channel. Not needed fields can be left empty.

## Usage
```
$sendEmbedMessage[channel ID;content;(title;title URL;description;color;author;author icon;footer;footer icon;thumbnail;image;add timestamp;return ID)]
```

### Parameters 
- `channel ID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Required)` : id of the channel where the message will be sent.
- `content` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : text to be sent before embed.
- `title` `(Type : String || Flag : Vacantable)` text that will be used as the title in the embed.
- `title URL` `(Type : URL || Flag : Vacantable)` : url that will be applied to the title.
- `description` `(Type : String || Flag : Vacantable)` : description that will be applied to the embed.
- `color` `(Type : Color || Flag : Vacantable)` : the [color hex](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/color-picker/) to set the embed border color as.
- `author` `(Type : String || Flag : Vacantable )` : the text that appear at author 
- `author icon` `(Type : URL || Flag : Vacantable)` : the image that appears in the author icon. This must be a valid image URL.
- `footer` `(Type : String || Flag : Vacantable)` : The text to set the footer as.
- `footer icon` `(Type : URL || Flag : Vacantable)` : the URL to set the footer icon as. Must be a valid image URL.
- `thumbnail` `(Type : URL || Flag : Vacantable)` : the image to set as the thumbnail.
- `image` `(Type : URL || Flag : Vacantable)` : the URL of the image that appears. Must be a valid image URL.
- `add timestamp` `(Type : Bool || Flag : Vacantable)` : add the time to send (use yes or no).
- `return ID` `(Type : Bool || Flag : Vacantable)` : output the message ID outside the embed (use yes or no).

## Example
```
$nomention
$sendEmbedMessage[$channelID;;Title;https://discord.gg/;description;000000;author;$authorAvatar;footer;$authorAvatar;$authorAvatar;$authorAvatar;no;no]
```
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42785890/151873621-10b17532-93ee-421c-8eea-515f40f1a124.png)
