src/bdscript/serverInfo.md, before:

# $serverInfo
Allows you to make a 'server info' command without using a bunch of different functions at once. This function returns info about the current server.

## Usage
```
$serverInfo[text/code;(optional) showIcon (yes/no)]
```

### Breakdown
- `text/code` - The text that is returned.
- `showIcon` - Whether or not to show the server icon as the thumbnail. Default is `yes`.

⚠️ You can not include `$serverInfo[]` in a command with a `$description[]` (because it makes one automatically).

### Subset-Functions
You can use the 'subset-functions' below within `$serverInfo`:

- `{name}` - Returns the server name
- `{region}` - Returns the server region
- `{emoji}` - Returns the server's emojis in a list.
- `{owner}` - Returns the owner's username.
- `{ID}` - Gets the guild ID.
- `{verificationLvl}` - Returns the server verification level.
- `{large}` - Finds out if a server is considered 'large'.

## Example
```
$nomention
$title[Server Info]
$serverInfo[Server Name: {name}
Region: {region}
Owner: {owner}
Server ID: {ID}
Verify Level: {verificationLvl}
Emojis: {emoji}
Large Server?: {large};no]
```

![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/122832982-3206f980-d2ba-11eb-9a31-8f94cad26df7.png)

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/serverInfo.md, after:

# $serverInfo
Allows you to make a 'server info' command without using a bunch of different functions at once. This function returns info about the current server.

## Usage
```
$serverInfo[message;(thumbnail)]
```

### Parameters 
- `message` `(Type : String || Flag : Required)` : The text that is returned.
- `thumbnail` `(Type : Bool || Flag : Optional)` : Whether or not to show the server icon as the thumbnail. Default is `yes`.

⚠️ You can not include `$serverInfo[]` in a command with a `$description[]` (because it makes one automatically).

### Subset-Functions
You can use the 'subset-functions' below within `$serverInfo`:

- `{name}` - Returns the server name
- `{region}` - Returns the server region
- `{emoji}` - Returns the server's emojis in a list.
- `{owner}` - Returns the owner's username.
- `{ID}` - Gets the guild ID.
- `{verificationLvl}` - Returns the server verification level.
- `{large}` - Finds out if a server is considered 'large'.

## Example
```
$nomention
$title[Server Info]
$serverInfo[Server Name: {name}
Region: {region}
Owner: {owner}
Server ID: {ID}
Verify Level: {verificationLvl}
Emojis: {emoji}
Large Server?: {large};no]
```

![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/122832982-3206f980-d2ba-11eb-9a31-8f94cad26df7.png)
