src/bdscript/startThread.md, before:

# $startThread
Creates a new thread in the provided channel.

## Syntax
```
$startThread[Name;Channel ID;Message ID;(Archive duration;Return thread/channel ID)]
```

### Parameters
- `Name`: The name of the newly created thread.
- `Channel ID`: The channel where the thread shall be created.
- `Message ID`: The message from which the thread will be created. Can be left empty.
- `Archive duration`: The duration after which the thread will be auto-archived due to inactivity. Accepts `60` (1 hour), `1440` (1 day), `4320` (3 days), or `10080` (7 days) as input. Defaults to `60` (Optional).
- `Return thread/channel ID`: Whether to return the thread channel ID or not. Defaults to `no` (Optional).

### Permissions
Required permissions that the bot must have for this function to work properly:
- `createpublicthreads`

## Example
```
$nomention
I created a new thread! <#$startThread[Cool Thread;$channelID;;1440;yes]>
```
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/128615731-c61c95c1-d1ec-42cf-9964-e8722df30dfe.png)

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/startThread.md, after:

# $startThread
Creates a new thread in the provided channel.

## Syntax
```
$startThread[Name;Channel ID;Message ID;(Archive duration;Return thread/channel ID)]
```

### Parameters
- `Name` `(Type : String || Flag : Required)` : The name of the newly created thread.
- `Channel ID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Required)` : The channel where the thread shall be created.
- `Message ID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Emptiable)` : The message from which the thread will be created. Can be left empty.
- `Archive duration` `(Type : Integer || Flag : Optional)` : The duration after which the thread will be auto-archived due to inactivity. Accepts `60` (1 hour), `1440` (1 day), `4320` (3 days), or `10080` (7 days) as input. Defaults to `60`.
- `Return thread/channel ID` `(Type : Bool || Flag : Optional)` : Whether to return the thread channel ID or not. Defaults to `no`.

### Permissions
Required permissions that the bot must have for this function to work properly:
- `createpublicthreads`

## Example
```
$nomention
I created a new thread! <#$startThread[Cool Thread;$channelID;;1440;yes]>
```
![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/128615731-c61c95c1-d1ec-42cf-9964-e8722df30dfe.png)
