src/bdscript/textSplit.md, before:

# $textSplit
Splits the provided text by a given separator and saves the value temporarily.

> 📌 To retrieve the split values, use [`$splitText`](./splitText.md).

## Syntax
```
$textSplit[Text;Separator]
```

### Parameters
- `Text`: The text to split.
- `Separator`: The separator to split the text with. If this parameter is empty, it separates the text by each characters.

### Example
```
$nomention
$textSplit[Coffee, Tea, Milk;,]
$splitText[1]
```
![Screenshot_20221029_203537](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95774950/198839569-338c0892-80ef-4e7a-bbb7-dd696c6ab15b.png)

###### _In the above example, [`$textSplit`](#textsplit) splits the provided text using a comma (`,`) as the separator. After that, [`$splitText`](./splitText.md) is used to retrieve the first split value._

## Related Resources
- [Text Splitting Guide](../guides/textSplitting.md)
- [$getTextSplitIndex](./getTextSplitIndex.md)
- [$getTextSplitLength](./getTextSplitLength.md)
- [$joinSplitText](./joinSplitText.md)
- [$removeSplitTextElement](./removeSplitTextElement.md)
- [$splitText](./splitText.md)

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/textSplit.md, after:

# $textSplit
Splits the provided text by a given separator and saves the value temporarily.

> 📌 To retrieve the split values, use [`$splitText`](./splitText.md).

## Syntax
```
$textSplit[Text;Separator]
```

### Parameters
- `Text` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The text to split.
- `Separator` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The separator to split the text with. If this parameter is empty, it separates the text by each characters.

### Example
```
$nomention
$textSplit[Coffee, Tea, Milk;,]
$splitText[1]
```
![Screenshot_20221029_203537](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95774950/198839569-338c0892-80ef-4e7a-bbb7-dd696c6ab15b.png)

###### _In the above example, [`$textSplit`](#textsplit) splits the provided text using a comma (`,`) as the separator. After that, [`$splitText`](./splitText.md) is used to retrieve the first split value._

## Related Resources
- [Text Splitting Guide](../guides/textSplitting.md)
- [$getTextSplitIndex](./getTextSplitIndex.md)
- [$getTextSplitLength](./getTextSplitLength.md)
- [$joinSplitText](./joinSplitText.md)
- [$removeSplitTextElement](./removeSplitTextElement.md)
- [$splitText](./splitText.md)
