src/bdscript/userJoinedDiscord.md, before:

# $userJoinedDiscord
Returns the account creation date of a given user.

> 📌 As of November 2022, this function has been deprecated in favor of [`$creationDate`](./creationDate.md).
>
> 📌 Besides user IDs, [`$userJoinedDiscord`](./userJoinedDiscord.md) can also return creation date of any valid Discord Snowflake ID.

## Syntax
```
$userJoinedDiscord[User ID;(Format)]
```

### Parameters
- `User ID` : The user whose account creation date will be returned. 
- `Format` : Customize the default time format output (Optional).

   > 📌 Click [me](../resources/timeFormat.md) to check all supported time format values.

## Example
- Default format
   ```
   $nomention
   $userJoinedDiscord[$authorID]
   ```

   ![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/127032089-ef8aa439-89c9-46b2-a2e4-cdf54ab7fa6b.png)
- Custom format
   ```
   $nomention
   $userJoinedDiscord[$authorID;January 2, 2006 at 3:04 PM (MST -07:00)]
   ```

   ![Screenshot_20221023_152611](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95774950/197385800-92a434d2-e388-4067-8a78-d9357f6184bd.png)

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/userJoinedDiscord.md, after:

# $userJoinedDiscord
Returns the account creation date of a given user.

> 📌 As of November 2022, this function has been deprecated in favor of [`$creationDate`](./creationDate.md).
>
> 📌 Besides user IDs, [`$userJoinedDiscord`](./userJoinedDiscord.md) can also return creation date of any valid Discord Snowflake ID.

## Syntax
```
$userJoinedDiscord[User ID;(Format)]
```

### Parameters
- `User ID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Required)` : The user whose account creation date will be returned. 
- `Format` `(Type : String || Flag : Optional)` : Customize the default time format output.

   > 📌 Click [me](../resources/timeFormat.md) to check all supported time format values.

## Example
- Default format
   ```
   $nomention
   $userJoinedDiscord[$authorID]
   ```

   ![example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69215413/127032089-ef8aa439-89c9-46b2-a2e4-cdf54ab7fa6b.png)
- Custom format
   ```
   $nomention
   $userJoinedDiscord[$authorID;January 2, 2006 at 3:04 PM (MST -07:00)]
   ```

   ![Screenshot_20221023_152611](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95774950/197385800-92a434d2-e388-4067-8a78-d9357f6184bd.png)
