src/bdscript/var.md, before:

# $var
Creates a temporary variable.

Unlike, it's counterpart variables (i.e [`$setVar`](./setVar.md), [`$setUserVar`](./setUserVar.md) etc.) which needs you to create a variable in the app, [`$var[]`](./var.md) doesn't require you to do that.
Instead, it creates the variable automatically during it's runtime and gets deleted once the command execution terminates.

The data stored in the temporary variable can only be retrieved during its execution period and is removed once it's finished.

> 📌 This function can only be used in `BDScript 2` script language.

## Syntax
```
$var[Name;(Value)]
```

### Parameters
- `Name` : The name of the temporary variable.
- `Value` : The data to store (Optional).

> 📌 To retrieve the temporary stored value, type `$var[Name]`, where *"Name"* is the temporary variable name.

## Example
```
$nomention
$argsCheck[>1;Type a message!]

$var[ID;$sendMessage[$toLowercase[$message];yes]]

$addButton[no;interactionID;Example;secondary;;;$var[ID]]
```
![Example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70456337/189480166-d37cbdb8-05ce-44e8-8f2e-14d030baa9a9.png)

Commit message:

1 - added `./src/guides/arguments.md` which contain a little modified version of `?commandlist` of the BDFD server  2 - added `(Type :  || Flag : )` which displays Type and Flags of each argument changed in the wiki  3 - updated some old outdated wikis not having full description about the function usage or never been updated in period of almost a year, like $membersCount, $serverCount. Etc  4 - fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes  5 - multiple updates (adding some explanation as (.gif) file etc) and (small / medium) changes in functions list throughout the whole wiki to almost match the Master Bot (!commandlist) and don't cause any confusion for new user seeing different arguments names or descriptions  6 - changes include ( SUMMARY.md file / premium folder 1% of the functions /guides folder, arguments.md was added and .1% of the functions updated / bdscript folder up to 98% of the function was reviewed and updated)

src/bdscript/var.md, after:

# $var
Creates a temporary variable.

Unlike, it's counterpart variables (i.e [`$setVar`](./setVar.md), [`$setUserVar`](./setUserVar.md) etc.) which needs you to create a variable in the app, [`$var[]`](./var.md) doesn't require you to do that.
Instead, it creates the variable automatically during it's runtime and gets deleted once the command execution terminates.

The data stored in the temporary variable can only be retrieved during its execution period and is removed once it's finished.

> 📌 This function can only be used in `BDScript 2` script language.

## Syntax
```
$var[Name;(Value)]
```

### Parameters
- `Name` `(Type : String || Flag : Required)` : The name of the temporary variable.
- `Value` `(Type : String || Flag : Vacantable)` : The data to store

> 📌 To retrieve the temporary stored value, type `$var[Name]`, where *"Name"* is the temporary variable name.

## Example
```
$nomention
$argsCheck[>1;Type a message!]

$var[ID;$sendMessage[$toLowercase[$message];yes]]

$addButton[no;interactionID;Example;secondary;;;$var[ID]]
```
![Example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70456337/189480166-d37cbdb8-05ce-44e8-8f2e-14d030baa9a9.png)
